excitement here has just been incredible
to watch. Uh and it's not just chatt is
the fastest growing CEX market in the
world now too. Um but the energy here
and what people are building is uh is
remarkable.
>> Great. And in terms of uh the the
potential of this market, I know you've
got the the go plan here, a lowc cost
plan. How do you plan to sort of
monetize people in this market as well
as you continue to expand here?
>> Uh go is one thing that we're we really
designed with India in mind as a market
that clearly needed it. Um and the
enterprise adoption I think will be
another very strong angle
>> in terms of the infrastructure front.
You have this partnership with Tata as
well uh and the data center. Also wanted
to get your take on what the plans are
for Stargate in the India market. Um
when is that happening? I think we had
the IT minister this week speaking
saying it's happening. Uh can you give
us some updates on that?
>> We are working uh as hard and as fast as
we can to build sufficient AI
infrastructure in India to serve the
market here. Um
it's going pretty well. I don't know the
exact timelines on every project, but uh
the country here is motivated to build
fast.
>> Do you think we'll get something this
year?
>> I hope so.
>> Sam, on on terms of AI competition, we
know it's intense. There's there's a ton
of players and and there's a lot of
competition on the frontier at this
point. Last year, you issued this this
code red uh around the competition. Do
you feel you're in a much better place
now than you were say back in last year?
>> Um yeah, ch has been growing very
strongly. Uh and I feel great about the
current models, the upcoming models.
It's been very fun to see the momentum
with Codex as a new product like Chacht
is great. Uh but you know, always
expected that to do well. The strength
uh of Codex winning the coding market uh
has been a new and really fun thing to
watch.
>> And and in the enterprise specifically,
I mean you go up there against anthropic
for example. Um the competition, are you
managing to gain customers? Co-work
there was a big deal made out of that
>> and the impact it's having. Um
>> um I think most of the enterprise
momentum right now is still honestly
around coding but I I hope and expect
that over this coming year we'll start
to see it for knowledge work more
generally
>> when you start to think about revenue uh
as well Sam uh ads this is a new area
you've only just started them what has
been the initial feedback so far
>> so it's super early and I always
hesitate to talk when something's this
early but the
anecdotally the feedback has been pretty
positive um I think we still have some
work to do to figure out the exact
ad format um that's going to work the
best. But people have are like, "Oh,
this is like, you know, a cool thing."
The
the ads that I have personally liked the
most in recent years from tech have been
sort of Instagram style ads um where you
discover something new that you might
really like and otherwise wouldn't have
known about. I think we've got a real
opportunity to push in that direction
with ads and chut.
>> When you say there's some stuff to
figure out, what are the things that you
hope to make improvements on? Oh, we're
still just like testing very different
formats, you know, where and how should
an ad show up? Uh, like that kind of
tactical stuff.
>> Is it something for I know it's super
early stage, but how much are you
thinking about taking this to other
markets outside the US?
>> Eventually, we want to, but I don't know
any kind of timeline there.
>> Uh, another big potential new revenue
driver in the future for you, Sam, is
around hardware. I know you've got
Johnny IV on the team. Is there anything
you can tease out at this point around
what you're working on? One of the
powerful things about AI is how much
context it can handle and
an AI that and we see a little bit of
this with uh open call uh an AI that can
get to know more and more about you can
give you better and better products and
services and we'd like to build a
hardware that can do that very well in
the virtual and the physical world
>> not a smartphone.
[laughter] Um the other part of the
hardware equation as well is is
semiconductors is incredibly important
part of the data center. incredibly
important part of what you do in terms
of training and inference etc. Uh
semiconductor is an area I believe you
are investing in and trying to figure
out your own kind of product. What does
that look like now? Is this going to be
something you can train on um as well as
inference?
>> Um
we we will have a rich portfolio of
semiconductor approaches. We will
partner with uh you know the sort of
giants of the field like Nvidia. We'll
partner with newer startups in areas
like fast inference like Cerebras. We'll
do our own inference chip as well. Um we
we expect this to have this to need more
of a portfolio of solutions than maybe
we initially thought, but we're very
excited with our own work here.
>> So we're not talking just one kind of
processor like a T like Google's gone
with the TPU. We're talking potentially
a multiple portfolio of semiconductors
out of OpenAI.
>> Yeah, I mean Google has the TPU. They
also buy Nvidia chips and I believe some
others too. And I think you should
expect the same from us. Um financing
has been a big focus. I know you're
currently undergoing a potentially more
than hundred billion dollar round at
this point. Are you close to closing
that?
>> Uh if I were as you know like illegally
I would not be allowed to talk about
that.
>> Uh just in terms of uh financing though
there has been a lot of concern about
the way artificial intelligence has been
being financed. Terms like circular
financing have been thrown around vendor
financing as well given the fact that
you buy chips from Nvidia invested in
you as well. Um there is also concern
that if there is a failure at some point
in this chain which could have knock on
effects on companies like OpenAI.
>> So are you concerned about that?
>> I don't agree with the first part of the
concern. I do agree with the second
part. Um
new revenue has got to come into this
system. Like people can invest in each
other and buy each other stuff and
whatever, but if there's not new revenue
coming in, that's when you get into
there's like nothing here, but revenue
is growing so fast, not just for us, but
the whole ecosystem that there there's
like a massive amount of revenue coming
in to support all of this
infrastructure. So I don't worry about
that part. Um, in terms of any one layer
of the stack failing would cause some
real knock-on effects and it's sort of
like a very tight supply chain right
now, I do worry about that. in terms of
not being able to get access to certain
technologies I chips
>> if yeah something like that
>> yeah uh the other part of the concern
some have criticized the valuation
opening high has got and said well you
know there's intense competition we've
seen things like the deepseek moment can
can disrupt markets uh as well um your
valuation do you think is justified
>> I think so
>> the revenue
>> that's up to other that's like up to a
market to decide I think so
>> and the path to profitability eventually
what does does that look like for Open
AI?
>> Uh
we are growing at a extremely fast rate.
Uh right now I think as long as we can
have reasonable unit economics, we
should focus on continue to grow faster
and faster. Um and we'll get profitable
when we think we when we think it makes
sense.
>> Sam, just a very quick final on China.
Um we had an analyst on CNBC the other
day saying the China text tech shock is
just getting started. That in 5 to 10
years time most of the world could be
running on the China tech stack.
Demisabis was speaking to me very
recently saying China is just months
behind in terms of its ability to bring
out models just in the last two weeks.
We've seen a ton of interesting models
out of China on on video on physical AI.
Um are Chinese company's progress being
underestimated right now? Do you feel
that they're that close? As Dam says,
>> I don't know about being underestimated
but certainly the progress of Chinese
tech companies across the entire stack
and also not just in AI but in many
fields is remarkable. Um,
the reason I'm pushing back on
underestimated is it feels like every
conversation I have is like, "Oh,
China's beating us. What do we do about
it?" So, I think people are aware of
what's happening there. But, uh, yes,
Chinese progress is amazingly fast.
>> Are they are they near the frontier? Are
they are they near you?
>> Uh, in some areas, yes, and in some
areas, no. It's not quite a unilateral
thing like